(mystical music)
[Narrator] In the
year 2020 C.E.,
the human world is
connected by a network.
That network is inhabited
by an unknown life form
called Digimon.
(heroic music)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
Tai and his friends
have now discovered
that the key to saving Tokyo
is the Celestial Digimon.
As the group made their
way through the forest,
they encountered a human
girl named Mimi Tachikawa.
They learned that she
ruled over a small kingdom
with Tanemon and
her friend Palmon.
Tuskmon ransacked the
orchard Mimi protected,
and in the aftermath
of that battle,
Mimi was attacked
by a cunning enemy.
That was when Mimi's
Digivice lit up,
and Palmon digivolved
into Togemon.
(emotional music)
With Mimi now
joining their party,
Tai and his friends
decide to head for the sea
to cross over to the continent.
(gentle music)
Your skills have really
improved, Palmon.
What you brewed up
here is as tasty as
the actual Golden Tippy!
(Palmon sighing happily)
(sighs) I agree,
Palmon, it's terrific!
The snacks are yummy, too!
(Biyomon and Agumon
munching loudly)
It's so nice, I could
stay here forever.
Wait, we should probably get
moving pretty soon, though,
shouldn't we?
My grandpa is very wise,
and he once told me that
traders who rush things
make less money.
-Uh...
-Huh?
Palmon, how much further
is the sea from here?
It's right behind you.
What?
(both gasping)
(leaves rustling)
-(waves splashing)
-(seagulls chirping)
(both laughing)
Hey, look, there it is!
(Mimi giggling)
-(waves splashing)
-(seagulls chirping)
Do you see the continent yet?
[Tai] 'Fraid not.
Nothing's showing up so far.
Hey, Birdramon!
How are you holding up?
I'm fine!
I just hope the distance isn't
too far for me to fly across.
(tense music)
(waves splashing)
(Mimi yawning)
Wait a minute.
What's that?
What are you seeing?
-Check it out!
-(Agumon and Sora humming)
(whirlpool splashing)
(Sora gasping)
(projectiles firing)
(Tai yelping)
Birdramon, look out!
(Birdramon gasping)
(Sora screaming)
-(Birdramon gasping)
-Sora!
(projectiles firing)
(Birdramon grunting)
-(Birdramon screaming)
-(water splashing)
(Tai gasping)
Sora!
Agumon!
-(Agumon gasping)
-(water splashing)
Over here, Tai!
Are you two all right?
We're fine.
Is everybody else safe?
Birdramon!
-(water splashing)
-(Sora gasping)
Biyomon...
(water splashing)
Everybody swim!
-(all panting)
-(water splashing)
[Gomamon] Marching Fishes!
(water splashing)
I'm sorry, what now?
(Gomamon gasping)
Follow me, you guys!
(water splashing)
(Tai sighing)
Rescued just in time!
(Sora breathing shakily)
(Sora gasping)
Biyomon, are you alright?
Yeah.
I'm just glad you're okay, Sora.
What happened, you guys?
We don't really know.
Something squiggly
came out of a whirlpool
in the middle of the water.
[Gomamon] That
creature was Gesomon.
Gesomon?
It's a vicious Digimon
that lives at the
bottom of the sea.
When anybody tries
to cross the strait,
it jumps up and attacks
'em without warning!
And who are you?
My name is Gomamon.
So you're the one
who came to save us!
Thanks so much.
You really have
some amazing powers!
Marching Fishes, right?
Yeah, it's my special technique!
I'm glad you're here, you
must be the Digi-destined.
Hold on, Gomamon,
you know about us?
Yeah!
In fact, I actually
have a partner, too!
What kind of partner?
You mean a human?
Then there will be another kid
searching for the
Celestial Digimon with us.
Maybe.
I mean, if he's interested.
(all humming questioningly)
(wind howling)
(TV playing jingle)
[News Host] The power
outage within the city
has become more widespread.
These districts
are now affected.
Saitama and large sections
of Chiba and Kanagawa.
As we reported in the last hour,
Kawaguchi and Urayasu
have been without power
since early this morning.
-(power humming)
-Huh?
Oh!
The microwave just turned off.
If it doesn't come back on
soon, dinner's going to be late.
[News Host] Officials have
been unwilling to announce
a predicted recovery
time for this disruption,
and without a secure
source of power,
the city could cease to
operate in a few days.
This is terrible.
The situation is getting
worse every moment!
(Izzy sighing)
We have to join Tai's
group as fast as we can!
-(waves splashing)
-(seagulls chirping)
[All] Uh...
(comical music)
This is new to me.
What's this guy doing?
-He's studying.
-In this place?
Hey, Joe!
I know you're busy,
but I brought the other
Digi-destined to meet you.
(Joe humming)
Huh?
(Joe gasping)
Are you humans?
Nailed it!
I'm Tai Kamiya.
My name is Sora Takenouchi.
Mimi Tachikawa.
Pleasure to meet you!
My name's Agumon!
Biyomon!
I'm Palmon!
(Joe sighing sadly)
[All] Huh?
So there are no
grown-ups with you?
Huh?
This is really important!
Do any of you know how I can
get back to the other world?
I don't have any idea
how you could do that.
(Joe sighing sadly)
Nevermind that.
We really need your help.
Huh?
[Sora] So that's the story.
Tokyo is in big trouble and
it's about to get worse.
We've traced the problem
to elements located
right here in the Digital World.
[Mimi] The only
hope the city has
is for us to try and
stop the cyber-attack.
What do you mean by "us?"
To do it, we have to find
the Celestial Digimon!
And for that, we need both
you and Gomamon to help us!
(Joe humming thoughtfully)
All I wanna do is
get outta here.
Oh, by the way, my
name is Joe Kido.
Hey, Sora.
Doesn't this guy look
kind of familiar?
Oh! Come to think of it,
he might have been one of
the counselors on our
camping trip recently.
Even if your story
were to be true,
and I'm not saying it is,
why come to me to
help get through this?
I'm not anyone special!
I have no time for
nonsense like this!
I have important
entrance exams coming up!
(hand slamming)
(all gasping)
Fact is, whoever
studies all summer
-will do better at the exams!
-(hands slamming)
It's not fair!
Why's it have to be me
who's trapped in this place?
While I'm stuck here,
my rivals are all getting ahead!
-(house creaking)
-(all gasping)
-Why doesn't anyone understand?
-(head slamming)
I come from a long
line of doctors!
Everyone in my
family is a doctor
and I have become one, too!
I can't juggle
everything at once!
If you're so insistent
that I contribute something
to society, I'll do it after
I graduate and get my license,
but right now I have to study!
-(house creaking)
-(Joe whimpering)
-(house crashing)
-(all screaming)
(Joe whimpering)
You sure you wanna
take this guy with us?
(Tai chuckling nervously)
(waves splashing)
We need to go!
-Joe, you came to this world
-(Joe grunting)
because you have an
important role to play.
Now's your chance to step up!
We're partners,
we'll work together!
[Joe] Listen, Gomamon.
You've been a great help, and
I honestly do appreciate it.
But to tell you the truth,
I really don't ever remember
us becoming partners.
(Gomamon gasping)
(Gomamon sighing sadly)
(all sighing sadly)
Joe, right?
Look, I know this
job is dangerous
and we can't force
you to come along,
but we're the only ones
who can stop this attack.
Hypothetically, let's
say that the four of us
travel around this bizarre
and dangerous world,
and we're successful in
mounting this defense
you're so committed
to achieving.
At that point, is
there any guarantee
that we're able to
return to our world?
Listen, Joe...
Gomamon, you can go with
them and fight their fight.
I plan to stay here and study.
-(Gomamon stammering)
-(Tai sighing)
As long as Gesomon's
lurking out there,
we can't cross this strait.
We have to find a way to
chase that creature off.
I understand, but how?
(Tai sighing)
(waves splashing)
(water bubbling)
-(whooshing)
-(logo twinkling)
Come on, Joe!
Are you really not gonna
go with the others?
Even if I did, there'd be
nothing I could do to help.
It's better if I stay here
and concentrate on
what I need to do.
(waves splashing)
[Tai] Biyomon, you
should stay behind
and rest until
you feel stronger.
We should be okay with
just Agumon and Palmon.
We have no chance against
Gesomon in the water,
but if we can get him on land,
then the advantage
will be on our side.
(Agumon humming affirmatively)
We can do it!
We can take that slug down!
We'll do it for us,
and Biyomon as well!
That's right!
We'll show him who's boss!
Agumon, Palmon...
Well, if that's the plan,
you can count me in!
I'll be the bait to
draw Gesomon over here.
Gomamon?
It'll be easy!
I'll use my Marching
Fishes to taunt Gesomon
until he can't stand it and
chases us on to dry land!
Gomamon, is Joe gonna help you?
(Gomamon humming negatively)
'Fraid not.
He has too much on his
mind with his studies
and has no room
for anything else.
And taking this on right now
would be more than
he can handle.
But I think he's using
his studies as an excuse.
I think he's confused
about suddenly being
transported to another world.
So he's using his classwork
to escape from this new reality.
But one day, I know
he'll come around
and get with the program!
He'll become a great human
who's here to help everyone out!
That's why I'm gonna
join all of you guys.
I'm helping out until
Joe takes his place
with the rest of you!
(water splashing)
Here we go!
Marching Fishes!
(water splashing)
(whirlpool splashing)
It's here.
Hey, Gesomon!
Over here!
(menacing music)
(water splashing)
(water bubbling)
(Gomamon gasping)
What's the matter?
Why are you so slow?
If you want me, come and get me!
(menacing music)
(water splashing)
(Gomamon gasping)
[Tai] I see the whirlpool!
It's working!
They're both headed
right for the beach!
You've got this, Gomamon!
Just a little further!
(projectiles firing)
(water splashing)
(menacing music)
Gomamon...
(water splashing)
Almost there!
(menacing music)
(Gomamon screaming)
Gomamon!
-(Gomamon grunting in pain)
-(body thudding)
(Joe gasping)
Gomamon!
-(footsteps crunching)
-(Joe panting)
Are you okay?
Talk to me!
(Gomamon groaning)
Hi, Joe.
Listen to me, guys!
The two of you are
in great danger!
Hurry up and get
out of there, now!
-(Gesomon roaring)
-(Joe gasping)
(water splashing)
(Gesomon roaring)
(Joe whimpering)
(water splashing)
(Gesomon stomping)
That's Gesomon?
We only saw the
tentacles before now!
Well, now we get to
see the whole thing!
[Tai] Agumon, you
know what to do!
[Mimi] You're up, Palmon!
[Agumon And Palmon] Yeah!
(heroic music)
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to
Greymon!
Palmon digivolve to
(heroic music)
Togemon!
(Gesomon roaring)
(feet stomping)
(Greymon growling)
(heroic music)
Gomamon, why'd you
act so recklessly?
I'd been waiting so long.
(Joe gasping)
-(Greymon stomping)
-(Greymon roaring)
(Gesomon crashing)
Needle Spray!
(needles whooshing)
(fire roaring)
-(ground rumbling)
-(water splashing)
-(Togemon yelping)
-[Mimi] Togemon!
-(Togemon grunting)
-(footsteps stomping)
-(Greymon growling)
-(fire roaring)
I'd always looked
forward to this.
I'd wondered and wondered
about what kind of human
my partner would be.
And then, when I
finally found you,
I was really excited and happy.
(gentle music)
Weren't you disappointed?
To find out I wasn't a brave
and adventurous human being?
But that's not true!
What do you mean?
Just listen to me, Joe.
(gentle music)
I've thought about it
ever since you got here.
And Joe, I've waited
for no one else but you.
And I know I'm right about that.
This isn't a mistake.
(Greymon growling)
(Greymon thudding)
-(footsteps stomping)
-(Greymon growling)
(projectiles firing)
(Greymon growling)
-(projectile thudding)
-(Joe and Gomamon yelping)
Hey, are you okay?
I'm fine, but I'm
worried about you.
You need to be able
to work with others
if you wanna get things
done successfully.
You have people like Tai.
And of course, you have me, too.
I'll always be here for you,
so you don't ever have to worry!
(gentle music)
I know you're right.
Gomamon, I've never once
been alone in this world
because you've been here to
help me from the very beginning.
If I had been here
all by myself,
I'd probably have
been too freaked out
-to even open a book.
-(Gomamon gasping)
Gomamon.
I know you're...
(Joe sighing)
I am your partner, Gomamon!
(Digivice chiming)
(light humming)
(Joe gasping)
Gomamon digivolve to...
(feet stomping)
(energetic rock music)
(Ikkakumon roaring)
Who is that?
(man singing in japanese)
Ikkakumon!
Ikkakumon?
(Gesomon roaring)
(man singing in japanese)
Ikkakumon!
(water splashing)
(water bubbling)
(Ikkakumon grunting)
(bodies thudding)
-(bodies crashing)
-(Gesomon roaring)
Oh no you don't!
Harpoon Torpedo!
(torpedo whooshing)
(torpedo exploding)
(Gesomon crashing)
(water splashing)
Togemon!
Coconut Punch!
Do it, Greymon!
(fire roaring)
Got it!
Harpoon Torpedo!
(tentacle whacking)
(torpedo whooshing)
(man singing in japanese)
(torpedo exploding)
(Gesomon roaring)
(energetic rock music)
[Sora] Wow, Joe!
That Digimon's strong!
Yeah.
That's my partner
you're seeing out there!
(Ikkakumon roaring)
(calm happy music)
All right!
Now that I've joined
up with the group,
let's go find this Celestial
Digimon as fast as we can!
Wow, Joe.
You certainly changed your tune!
But I still have to
pass those tests.
Whoever studies all summer
will ace those exams!
I'm older than the rest of you,
so you should really pay
close attention to me!
(Joe yelping)
-(Joe screaming)
-(water splashing)
He just flopped!
That was a bad flop.
Our poor counselor flopped!
That was one serious flop!
(water splashing)
Stop saying I flopped, already!
I'm just down here
studying for my exams!
(all laughing)
♪ We're fallen rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] Matt makes
another appearance!
The six Digi-destined
finally come together
to carry out their
shocking plan.
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure,
"The Children's Attack
on the Fortress!"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world!